Launching an awareness campaign on the cultural importance of museums

Launching an awareness campaign on the cultural importance of museums The Museums Authority announced the launch of the “We Narrate Tomorrow” campaign, which aims to raise awareness of the role of museums in preserving history and cultural heritage, enhancing national identity, and encouraging artistic creativity. The campaign reflects the Museums Authority’s future vision centered around innovation and renewal; the phrase: “We Narrate Tomorrow” refers to the role of museums in providing an educational and cultural experience that contributes to shaping a deeper understanding of history and heritage, while enhancing creativity and innovation among future generations.


The Syrian National Museum opens its doors to the public

Part of the Syrian National Museum has reopened to the public after being closed for about six years due to the ongoing civil war there.
The famous antiquities museum in Damascus was closed in 2012 to protect the ancient artifacts it contained.
Most of its contents were moved and kept in secret locations to preserve them.
The decision to reopen part of the museum comes as part of the Syrian government's attempts to demonstrate that life is returning to normal in the war-torn country.


The National Museum in Damascus continues to receive visitors during the holidays

The National Museum in Damascus continues to receive visitors during holidays until the end of the current year except Friday.
Visit is also open to the public for the annual exhibition of the days of plastic arts held by the Ministry of Culture in the museum.
The rest of the museums in Damascus, Al-Azm Palace and Khan Asaad Pasha, also continue to receive visitors during holidays except Friday.




Kew in the spotlight: The Royal Botanic Gardens prepares for the festive season with a special celebration



The Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the United Kingdom, is celebrating the festive season with a major sound and light show called Christmas at Kew.