Bab Al-Faradis - Old Damascus

One of the old gates of Damascus on the northern side of the wall, between Bab al-Salam and Bab al-Faraj. It was formerly attributed to the “al-Faradis” neighborhood outside it, and in the Greek and Roman eras it was dedicated to the planet Mercury, which represents the god (Hermes). The gate is double, internal and external, and was renovated in the Ayyubid era in the year 639 AH. It is also known as Bab al-Amara and Bab al-Faradis al-Kabir.


Bab_al-Saghir

Known among the people as Bab al-Saghir, it is one of the seven Roman gates of Damascus in Syria.


Bab Kisan
It is currently located at the end of Ibn Asaker Street from the east. During the Roman era, the gates of Damascus were named after planets. Bab Kisan was named after the planet Saturn, and it had a picture of the planet Saturn on it. The gate is distinguished by its beauty and wonderful engravings.

Damascus Bab al Faraj

One of the gates of Damascus that were built in the Islamic era on the northern side of the wall to the west of Bab al-Faradis, opened by Nur al-Din al-Shahid in the sixth century AH. It is a double gate, next to which was a gate known as Bab al-Amara, which was opened at the Citadel’s building and then closed.

Damascus Bab al Jabiyeh


One of the Roman gates of Damascus on the western side of the city, it is dedicated to the planet Jupiter, which represents the god (Jupiter). It had three gates, the central one was large, and on its sides were two smaller gates. Abu Ubaidah ibn al-Jarrah entered through this gate peacefully when he conquered Damascus in the year 14 AH. It was renovated during the days of Nur al-Din al-Shahid and a bashura was made for it in the year 560 AH, then during the days of King al-Nasir Dawud al-Ayyubi. Today, only the small southern gate remains of the three gates. As for its name, Arab historians attributed it to the village of al-Jabiyah in the western al-Jidur region in Hauran because those who go there leave from it, but this is an illusion, as the name is distorted by many narrations from the name of Jupiter, the Roman god.




Damascus Bab Touma


Bab Touma was named after Saint Thomas, one of the twelve apostles of Christ, as Damascus was a destination and starting point for the apostles and saints throughout history. Bab Touma is located in the northeastern part of the old city of Damascus. It was first built during the Roman era and was rebuilt during the time of King Nasser Dawud in 1228 AD.

East door

The Bab Sharqi area was named after him. The gate is located on the eastern side of the old city of Damascus, at the intersection of the Straight Road mentioned in the Bible - the Holy Book - or Bab Sharqi Street, which is an extension of Madhat Pasha Market Street with Mahmoud Shehadeh Street outside the walls of the old city of Damascus. The gate consists of three openings or arches, a large arch in the middle for the passage of cars (carts in the past) and two side arches.

Victory Gate

Bab al-Nasr was one of the gates of Damascus on the western side of the wall at the entrance to the Hamidiyeh Souq. Its construction was disputed between Nur ad-Din al-Shahid and the Mamluk king al-Nasir Muhammad ibn Qalawun. Its other names are: Bab al-Janan, Bab al-Janan al-Masdud, Bab Dar al-Saada, and Bab al-Saraya.




